DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: 13d2bca7; mode: experience; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode experience --from 13d2bca7 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
ASSIGNED INDEX: 5
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  5 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a pixel-art arcade cabinet screen, where fat luminous pixels, scanlines, and phosphor bloom turn a 240-line grid into a stage with real glow
     SOURCE ID: medium-native-crt-arcade-pixel-glow
     CREATIVE SPARK: Up close it is just squares; at play distance the squares fuse into a hero, and the black between scanlines is doing half the work.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: a sixteen-color sprite palette over phosphor black, scanline gaps doing half the shading, flashing white-gold reserved by law for power-ups
       - Type/composition: eight-by-eight pixel caps for score and menus pinned to the top edge, the playfield composing in whole tiles with nothing allowed off-grid
       - Topology/navigation: space is a tile grid with screen-by-screen rooms; the camera moves in whole-pixel steps.
       - Controls/state: states are sprite swaps with strict palette discipline; damage, power, and rarity are palette laws.
       - Responsive/motion: integer scaling preserves the grid at every size; bloom and scanlines are togglable capability layers.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Crisp integer-scaled canvas with shader scanline glow, and every sprite state addressable in code.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-crt-arcade-pixel-glow.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/medium-native-crt-arcade-pixel-glow-hero.webp
  2. an early-80s rhythm machine step row, sixteen candy-colored step keys under a running chase light, pattern banks behind them and a tempo readout above, accents lighting deeper as the loop swings around again
     SOURCE ID: signals-instruments-drum-machine-step-row
     CREATIVE SPARK: you punch four steps into the red quarter of the row and hit run, the chase light comes around, and the empty machine suddenly has a pulse you made, so you lean in and accent the offbeat
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: charcoal panel ground, the step row quartered in red, orange, yellow, and white keys, lit LEDs as the only glow, silkscreen white labels for everything else
       - Type/composition: instrument names as small silkscreen caps above their rows, the tempo in a red segmented readout, the sixteen-step row as the page's one unbroken line
       - Topology/navigation: patterns are pages and banks are chapters; the step row is a timeline you write into place, and the chase light always tells you where now is
       - Controls/state: tapping a step arms it and lights it, a second tap accents it brighter, the chase light sweeps in tempo, and an empty pattern is sixteen dark keys of invitation
       - Responsive/motion: the sixteen-step row never wraps, it scales; motion is the chase light and a key's press flash, both locked to the clock
     WEB LEVERAGE: web audio clocks the chase light and playback while each step key stays a toggle button operable by keyboard
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-drum-machine-step-row.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-drum-machine-step-row-hero.webp
  3. a hand-cranked paper menagerie of tabs, bellows, and pinned joints, where humble folds produce a surprising procession of motion
     SOURCE ID: kinetic-sculpture-automata-crank-paper-menagerie
     CREATIVE SPARK: The crank turns; a white fox bows, a crimson bird opens concertina wings, and their shadows cross on the paper wall behind them.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: cut white paper on kraft board as the ground, charcoal cast shadow as body ink, one crimson fold reserved for the figure currently in motion
       - Type/composition: hand-cut letterpress caps with visible tab and slot marks, captions on folded paper strips beneath each figure, one crank line ruling the base
       - Topology/navigation: Advance through a procession while each figure opens into its own linkage and supporting details.
       - Controls/state: Turn, pause, reverse, and inspect joints with folded, tensioned, extended, and resting states.
       - Responsive/motion: Reduce the procession to one figure per viewport and provide illustrated keyframes beside every control.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Pointer and keyboard input can drive a common crank timeline, synchronizing SVG cut-paper layers with accessible step descriptions.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/kinetic-sculpture-automata-crank-paper-menagerie.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/kinetic-sculpture-automata-crank-paper-menagerie-hero.webp
  4. a seamless cyclorama passing from black night through cobalt and rose into white day, where light alone creates an infinite horizon behind the actors
     SOURCE ID: stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn
     CREATIVE SPARK: The curved wall begins as depthless black; a low cobalt band appears, rose gathers above it, and the actors acquire shadows before the stage becomes day.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: depthless cyc black as ground, a low cobalt horizon band as structure, rose gathering above it, white-day wash reserved for the fully active state
       - Type/composition: lighting-plot stencil caps for cue names with tabular numerals, content held in horizontal horizon bands stacked from dark to light
       - Topology/navigation: Organize atmosphere by horizon band, time phase, subject relation, and transition interval.
       - Controls/state: Raise, blend, hold, and compare with night, first light, dawn, day, and blackout states.
       - Responsive/motion: Offer discrete atmospheric phases with labels and patterns so color is never the sole signal.
     WEB LEVERAGE: A scrubbable cue timeline binds horizon bands to actor and scene state, making each light transition inspectable while named cue states remain deep-linkable and text-equivalent.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/stagecraft-theater-lighting-cyclorama-dawn-hero.webp
  5. a penny-press broadside where relief-engraved skeletons act out the day's news, the image band across the top and dense verse set in two hard columns beneath it
     SOURCE ID: posters-covers-sleeves-posada-calavera-broadside
     CREATIVE SPARK: skeletons in feathered hats parade across the top of a cheap sheet, grinning at a scandal, and underneath them the verse is rammed into two columns so tight the press left ink on your thumb.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: coarse newsprint in a single black relief ink, with one alarm color flooded behind the image band on holiday sheets only
       - Type/composition: a shouting headline in mixed wood-type sizes tops the sheet, the engraving band sits below it, and verse fills two justified columns
       - Topology/navigation: the sheet is one continuous cry, so navigation is by broadside rather than by section, each new sheet replacing the last
       - Controls/state: controls are wood-type words with rule underlines, pressed states ink heavier, and read sheets fade toward the paper tone
       - Responsive/motion: the two columns collapse to one and the image band goes full width, while motion is the judder of a hand-fed press
     WEB LEVERAGE: css multi-column verse that collapses responsive, svg relief line art, and a print-judder motion on state change
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/posters-covers-sleeves-posada-calavera-broadside.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/posters-covers-sleeves-posada-calavera-broadside-hero.webp
  6. a skate-shop deck wall, full-bleed illustration on a die-cut canvas rack, brand logotypes built to survive scale-down, grip-tape black backs against screaming color
     SOURCE ID: pop-culture-shelf-skate-deck-wall
     CREATIVE SPARK: You walk the rack under buzzing shop lights, aqua and pink screaming off the maple, and pull one deck by the nose to flip it from grip-tape black to the full hand-drawn scream underneath.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: screaming aqua, hot pink and bone white silkscreen inks on maple, grip-tape black as the resting back face, one dayglo spot color marking the deck in hand
       - Type/composition: brand logotypes drawn as lockups that still read at sticker size, artist linework owning the full bleed, price and size in marker caps on a rail tag
       - Topology/navigation: decks rack in vertical rows nose-up; you browse by walking the wall, each board a full-height card, the top rail names the brand family
       - Controls/state: pulling a deck off the rack flips grip black to full art, the dayglo spot ink flags the selected board, sold decks leave an empty hook
       - Responsive/motion: the wall narrows to a swipeable two-deck rack on phones; motion is the pull-and-flip off the hook
     WEB LEVERAGE: horizontal scroll-snap rack of tall svg art; a 3d rotateY flip swaps the grip back for the full-bleed face
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-skate-deck-wall.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-skate-deck-wall-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, commit to it across navigation, content, controls, and
states. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from 13d2bca7 --scope direction --mode experience,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 5. Build candidate
5 of your own grounded list; seed key 13d2bca7.
